# Description:
This doc describes the all the features in our project(backend)

# Features:
- registration：
enable new user register an account for our app.
need to input a unique username and a password.
Considering to security issue,we also add encryption process when sending the password through socket and when storing to database  

- login
user login to the app

- logout
logout of the app

- add friends
A user can add other users as his/her friends by their IDs

- 1v1 chat
A user can chat with other users in 1v1 mode.

- creat chatting room
A user can create a chatting room for group chatting (for 1vN mode)
need input a unique name for the room
Password for the room:
To generate a password for entering a certain room there are two modes:
                      1. input by self or generated automaticaly 
                      2. generated by the app automatically and send to the user who create it

- join a chatting room
A user can join a chatting room created by others for group chatting (for 1vN mode)
need input the room name and password

- group chat (1VN mode)
A user can chat in a chatting room  with a group of users.
Messages send by other group members will be delivered to everyone in the same room.

- broadcast
A user can send message in the public channel, so that every user in the app can see this message. 

- driftbottle
A user can send message to a random user in this app. 
This feature can be considered as the user throwing a drifting bottle in the sea of the whole system. 
The random select process will be done by backend codes.

- image
Users can send images in chatting. 
Notes: The images sending from frontend to backend should be in binary format.

- hot topic room
We choose 10 hot topics to form a room, each users can join the room without password talking with other users.
